Add onboarding status to Merchant model and responses (#538)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: legacy/src/api/merchants/merchants.md

| accountId        | String             | Id of Merchant's owning Centrapay account.                                                                   |
| name             | String             | Merchant name.                                                                                               |
| country          | String             | Merchant [ISO 3166]{:.external} country code. Must match the "region" on the [Account][].                    |
| createdAt        | {% dt Timestamp %} | When the Merchant was created.                                                                               |
| createdBy        | {% dt CRN %}       | The User or API Key that created the Merchant.                                                               |
| updatedAt        | {% dt Timestamp %} | When the Merchant was updated.                                                                               |
| updatedBy        | {% dt CRN %}       | The User or API Key that updated the Merchant.                                                               |

> | onboardingStatus | {% dt CRN %}       | The onboarding status of the Merchant. One of `applied`, `provisioning`, `deactivated`, `on hold`, `active`. |

Reviewer: The type will be String, not CRN

```suggestion
| onboardingStatus | String       | The onboarding status of the Merchant. One of `applied`, `provisioning`, `deactivated`, `on hold`, `active`. |
```

Reviewer: Are you going to add `onboardingStatusReason` in a follow-up?
